docs: add Obmondo to `ADOPTERS.md` (#6162)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: ADOPTERS.md

| [Akamai Technologies](https://www.akamai.com/) | @srodenhuis | 2024-11-20 | CloudNativePG is used in the [Akamai App PLatform](https://github.com/linode/apl-core) for all platform managed PostgreSQL databases. |
| [Novo Nordisk](https://www.novonordisk.com/) | [scni@novonordisk.com](mailto:scni@novonordisk.com) ([@CasperGN](https://github.com/CasperGN)) | 2024-11-20 | Backing of Grafana UI states for central Observability platform and datastore for our Developer Portal based off Backstage. |
| [Docaposte](https://docaposte.fr) | @albundy83 | 2024-11-20 | Docaposte is the digital trust leader in France. We use CloudNativePG because it is the most elegant and efficient solution for running PostgreSQL in production. |

> | [Obmondo](https://obmondo.com) | @Obmondo | 2024-11-25 | Obmondo uses CloudNativePG in our Open Source Kubernetes meta-management platform called [KubeAid](https://kubeaid.io/) to enable centralized and simple management of all PostgreSQL instances in clusters.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Obmondo](https://obmondo.com) | @Obmondo | 2024-11-25 | At Obmondo we use CloudNativePG in our open-source Kubernetes meta-management platform called [KubeAid](https://kubeaid.io/) to easily manage all the PostgreSQL databases across clusters from a centralized interface.|
```

> | [Obmondo](https://Obmondo.com) | @Obmondo | 2024-11-25 | Obmondo uses CloudNativePG in our Open Source Kubernetes meta management platform called KubeAid, which we use with all customers - enabling us to share upto 90% of customer work as open source - including ensuring that all open source apps KubeAid users and customers use, uses a CloudNativePG instance - so they have centralized and easy management of all postgresql instances in clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Obmondo](https://obmondo.com) | @Obmondo | 2024-11-25 | Obmondo uses CloudNativePG in our Open Source Kubernetes meta management platform called KubeAid, which we use with all customers - enabling us to share up to 90% of customer work as open source - including ensuring that all open source apps KubeAid users and customers use, uses a CloudNativePG instance - so they have centralized and easy management of all PostgreSQL instances in clusters.
```
